feat: Added async overload for UploadFiles (#895)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added `UploadFilesAsync` as awaitable version of `UploadFiles`. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added awaitable `UploadFilesAsync` helper method that makes it easy to upload files to a `<InputFile>` component during testing. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).
```

>  - Added awaitable `UploadFilesAsync` helper method that makes it easy to upload files to a `<InputFile>` component during testing. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added the `UploadFilesAsync` extension method to `IRenderedComponent<InputFile>`, which makes it easy to upload files to a `<InputFile>` component during testing and wait for asynchronous processing of the uploaded files to complete before continuing the test. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).
```

Lets add a bit more detail. This is what the async method enables, right?

## [Unreleased]

### Added
 - Added the `UploadFilesAsync` extension method to `IRenderedComponent<InputFile>`, which makes it easy to upload files to a `<InputFile>` component during testing and wait for asynchronous processing of the uploaded files to complete before continuing the test. By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

### Fixed
 - The created HTML contained encoded strings. Reported by [@tobiasbrandstaedter](https://github.com/tobiasbrandstaedter). Fixed by [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

> ### Added

Reviewer: This shows up twice. Looked like a merger failure.

Author: Yes that's on me. Fixed and added the missing test.
